High in the section we're going to talk about topples.
So what are topples.
You're probably thinking well if you already know what topples are they just immutable lists they're
Read-Only lists essentially.
And that's definitely how many introductions to Python will present topples as immutable lists.
Now there's nothing technically wrong with that.
A topple is after all a sequence type just like a list is a sequence type.
But the table is indeed immutable.
So it's a read only list but that's kind of missing half of the story with topples.
There's a lot more going on with topples that if we don't kind of understand that we're going to miss
out on some really interesting stuff that we can do with them as an analogy let's think about strings
not strings are also sequenced types just like a top bulldust like a list.
But if you think of a string there's something else going on in a string than just you know a list of
values a list of characters in this case the position of the characters in the string is important.
For example if we have the string Python it's important for the piece to come before the Y to come before
the T and so on.
Otherwise the letters are all scrambled up and we end up you know with the Sunday jumble.
So the sequence is a sequence of characters but the order is definitely important and it's important
that the older not just change right in a list which is mutable you can change the order of the items
in the list in a string.
You cannot.
And so the first character is always the fourth character and so on.
And we need to think of topples in the same light as well a top all we can think of as a data record
or a data structure where the position of the item in the table has meaning.
In other words this is the first element of the top.
This is the second element of the table that's important and that's not going to change the fourth element
is always going to be the first element because topples are immutable.
We can assign a meaning to the position of the value in the table just like we have over a string.
And that's why we're going to start covering tuples without even considering sequence types will dig
into sequence types in much more detail.
But right now we know enough about sequences when out iterate them using a for loop.
We know how to get the or an element by index and so on.
That's good enough to deal with topples as a data structure or a data record.
And of course we'll take a look at a related concept called the named topple the name top all is something
that not only will allow us to have the position have meaning but also actually give that position a
name.
And so in that respect it's much closer to what we think of as a data record like in a database or in
a class.
If a class represents a data record we're used to having a name associated with the value.
Well we don't have that we have regular topples we have the position associated with the value.
But we've named topples.
In addition Now we can actually associate a name with each position.
All right.
So let's dig in.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.